I haven't eaten all day and I'm still so energetic.
It seems that you have to be hungry for two days.
You two scumbags
Liar is
I just lied to you
What's the matter now?
But in my hands
I am his biological daughter
Are you not?
This is my life.
This is mine.
But he's mine now.
I have no grudge against you
Why are you teasing me like this?
Who told you to marry Sun Liancheng in the first place?
Since you stole my man
Then I will steal your mother
Oh, right.
Your mother has given us a lot of money so far
He also handed over the company to Liancheng to take over
Don't worry, it won't take a few days.
All the assets of your mother's company will be transferred to us
Hahaha you two devils
devil
I just ask you
I still want to be your everything
Who made you live better than me?
Hahahaha
Hahahahahahaha
Check out this wedding dress
Yalu looks good in a wedding dress
Sir, isn't he already married?
Am I not here?
Car accident in the village since childhood
I want to give him a spectacular wedding
Then tell him who I am at the wedding
Sorry adults
I still don't believe that Song Wu is the lady
You fought for your country all your life
Just step by step
How could you give birth to a vain you like Song?
Dad sent me a letter and I collected it. I'm going to the hospital for a DNA comparison
Then I went to the countryside to find the truth